Documentation and blog announcement for EnvVarMappings resource option (#17452)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/new-provider-resource-option-environment-variable-remapping/index.md

---

> title: "New Provider Resource Option: Environment Variable Remapping"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Introducing envVarMappings: Managing Multiple Provider Credentials Just Got Easier"
```

date: 2026-02-12
draft: false

> meta_desc: "Remap provider environment variables to custom keys using the new resource option, pulumi.EnvVarMappings"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Use envVarMappings to run multiple providers with different credentials in the same Pulumi program, no more environment variable conflicts."
```
